how can  redimensionnez  mes  images  in  ubuntu  16.4 LTS     32bits
There are several ways to resize images in Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 32-bit:

Using the ImageMagick command-line tool: You can install ImageMagick by running the command sudo apt-get install imagemagick in the terminal. Once installed, you can use the convert command to resize an image, for example: convert image.jpg -resize 50% newimage.jpg

Using the GIMP image editing software: GIMP is a popular open-source image editing software that can be installed on Ubuntu by running the command sudo apt-get install gimp. Once installed, you can open an image in GIMP and use the Image > Scale Image option to resize it.

Using the Nautilus file manager: Right-click on an image file and select the "Open with Image Viewer" option. Once the image is open, click on the "Edit" button and select the "Resize/Resample" option.

Using Ubuntu's built-in "Photos" application: You can use the Photos application to import an image and use the Edit button to resize it.

Keep in mind that resizing images can reduce the quality of the image, so it's a good idea to make a backup of the original image before resizing it.




abdelwahed ahmed
i want  to resize  image to   specific  size   in ubuntu  16.4 LTS  32bits
You can use the ImageMagick command-line tool to resize an image to specific size in Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 32-bit.
You can install ImageMagick by running the command sudo apt-get install imagemagick in the terminal.

Once installed, you can use the convert command to resize an image to specific size, for example:

css
Copy code
convert image.jpg -resize 320x240 newimage.jpg
This command will resize the image to a width of 320 pixels and a height of 240 pixels.

Alternatively, you can use the -resize option to change the size of the image maintaining the aspect ratio:

css
Copy code
convert image.jpg -resize 320x newimage.jpg
This command will resize the image to a width of 320 pixels, maintaining the aspect ratio of the original image.

You can also use the -gravity option to specify the position of the image after resizing, for example:

scss
Copy code
convert image.jpg -resize 320x240 -gravity center -extent 320x240 newimage.jpg
This command will resize the image to a width of 320 pixels and a height of 240 pixels and it will center the image in the new space created.

It's a good idea to make a backup of the original image before resizing it.



Regenerate response


